# tensorflow_dev_cert_bootcamp


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

This file will become your README and also the index of your
documentation.

## GIT Commands

git status =\> to find the uncommitted files in local git repo

git add . =\> to add all files from repo for commit git add
<specific file name> =\> for adding any specific file for commit

sudo git commit -m “commit message” =\> this makes files ready for
commit with comment

sudo git push origin <branch_name>

sudo git push =\> pushes changes and syncs the remote with local =\>
this will ask git username and password post that commits the local to
remote/online public repo

## Cookiecutter steps

1.  navigate to the folder where you want to create a new project eg -
    cd /home/dlvaayuai/storage/

2.  activate the required conda environment eg - conda activate
    deep_lrnr

3.  cookiecutter -c v1
    https://github.com/drivendata/cookiecutter-data-science answer
    questions project with template folder structure is created

4.  git init

5.  git add .

6.  git status

7.  git config –global user.email “lohithreddy86@gmail.com”

8.  git config –global user.name “lohithreddy86”

9.  git commit -m “Initial Commit with files and folder created through
    cookie cutter”

10. git branch -M main

11. Go to github and create the new repository eg -
    tensorflow_dev_cert_bootcamp

12. git remote add origin
    https://github.com/lohithreddy86/tensorflow_dev_cert_bootcamp.git

13. git push -u origin main

## How to Generate Nbdev docs

The below steps helps to generate the documentation of the learnings as
webpage and the same can be accessed through GIT for future refernces

Once the ML project template is created through cookiecutter

1.  Rename the notebooks folder to nbs

2.  Then run command “nbdev_new” in terminal

    nbdev_new =\> This command would generate the necessary files within
    the project repository folder required for the - module build
    purposes and for documentation.

3.  for document only repository - like practise or learning projects
    refer - https://nbdev.fast.ai/tutorials/docs_only.html

    run below commands rm setup.py .github/workflows/test.yaml
    nbs/00_core.ipynb

    Remove your library folder (this will be the lib_path field in
    settings.ini)

4.  Then run command “nbdev_docs” in terminal

    This command will generate html pages for all the jupyter notebooks.

         https://nbdev.fast.ai/api/quarto.html#nbdev_docs

5.  push the changes to git repository

6.  Access webpage pertaining to a specific jupyter note book with
    github pages link appended with html page generated for the
    notebook. which can be checked in \_docs folder in the repository.

    for the html generated for the notebook
    “tensorflow_dev_cert_bootcamp/nbs/1_DL_and_TF_Fundamentals.ipynb”
    the \_docs folder has html page “\_docs/dl_and_tf_fundamentals.html”
    Hence we need to append “dl_and_tf_fundamentals” to the existing
    github repo pages which is
    “https://lohithreddy86.github.io/tensorflow_dev_cert_bootcamp/” as
    below.

         https://lohithreddy86.github.io/tensorflow_dev_cert_bootcamp/dl_and_tf_fundamentals
